Add documentation for users API endpoint (#4690)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/api/users/users_getall.md

---

## Get all users

> Get the list of all users in the organization. This list will include all users even if they are disabled or unverified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the list of all users in the organization. This list includes all users even if they are disabled or unverified.
```
